Good morning.
How do we turn this off? Mother, you think
How do we turn this off?
Oh, thank you, thank you so much.
- uh, good morning.
Many of you
Your first week here
And as your dean,
Share a few thoughts
What is community college?
Well, you've heard
You've heard it's
For remedial teens,
Middle-age divorcees,
And old people keeping
As they circle
That's what you heard.
However, i wish you luck!
Okay, you know--
Okay, there's more
There's actually a middle card
Can we all look around our
'cause i really wanted to--
- i'm only half-arabic,
My dad is palestinian.
He's not a threat to national
A lot of people want to know
Because he has
But not, like,
Just angry at my mom
Although she did leave
And he was angry
My name's abed,
- abed, nice to know you and
Now about that question
- oh, uh...
5 after 11:00
- abed?
- what's the deal with
I can't find a road
- well, i only talked
While she was borrowing
Her name is britta, she's 28,
She has two older brothers
Works with children
I might want to look up.
Oh, and she thinks
Tomorrow's test,
So she's sorry
- holy crap.
Abed...
I see your value now.
- that's the nicest thing
Absolutely not.
If these guys knew you like I did
- jeff winger!
Genius at law.
- you got to stop saying that.
I still cannot figure out how you
September the 11th with my DUI,
that alone, why that helped.
Well, 2002 was a simple time.
So what is my lawyer
- i'm a student.
- well, that cannot be
- uh, i am in a bit
The state bar has
They found out my college degree
- i thought you had a bachelor's
- now i have to get one
- and it can't be
- well, you've picked
- yes, and i'm hoping
Will yield certain advantages.
You know, academic guidance...
- moral support,
Every answer
For every one of the classes
Here's my schedule.
You have insulted the integrity
Waster!
Not a bathroom.
did seem less into integrity
12 of yours peers that when you made
And tried to order chalupas
That your only real crime
Well, I do love America, I do love it,
I love chalupas.
But...
- i'll look into it.
Duncan, you are a good man.
- jeff, are you familiar with the adage,
No...
and if i wanted to learn something,
Transcripted on Addic7ed by honeybunny and VeRdiKT
- whoa.
I just wanted to let you know
the guy who's playing bejeweled
Um, can i sign up twice?
- i'm taking the class as an easy credit.
- Board certified.
- [speaking spanish]
- i really need help with spanish.
Or "Jefe".
Boss.
- We meet at the library at 4:00.
You gonna be there?
Un po' di piu'.
That means "See you there".
Shouldn't be too hard to fake
Oh, geez, I'm sorry... I...
I was raised on TV and I was conditioned
Black woman over 50 is a cosmic mentor..
Were you conditioned to pay
Yes, I'm so sorry.
It's Seinfeld.
Group Study Room
Bienvenido.
Bienvenuto!
Hey, all right,
- I got the whole table. Welcome.
- We have the whole room.
contact sheet.
Man.
Rest of the group
But you and i can
- yeah, i like big talk.
- that's not small talk?
- all right, you want
I dropped out of high-school because
I thought for some reason
You'd be surprised what gets back
I joined the peace corp.
I did a little foot modelling,
I got tear gased in a World Trade Rally...
Marry me.
And I think, Jeff, my deal is above all else,
You tell me the truth,
You lie to me, i will never talk to you again.
- ah, that's a good deal.
- uh, i would have to go--
um, honesty,
Because...
I would say anything
And i want you
- wow.
All right,
- really? Wow. you're easy.
Abed in the house!
- why?
- oh, i can't think
- cool.
Oh, hey, here. Put your contact info down
That's right.
Cool, cool, cool.
hey, this is kind of like
- we are in a library.
i'm sure we've each got an issue balled up inside of us
- do you have something
- well, i got a little doozy
Oh.
- Let's give this bad boy a read.
- I've never got one of these
- it's probably just for your eyes.
"say you have to pee."
- that is weird.
- "say you have to pee. I need to talk to you."
- no.
- that's so weird.
- no, it's just someone
With a misguided grasp
I just need five minutes, you guys,
all the verbs...in spanish.
- Abed...
What's your read on that guy?
You look like Elisabeth Shue.
Act natural, pretend you are watching
I couldn't stop watching them.
There's a guy going for the track, that's older
He's kinda cracking.
- suppose i was to say to you
- i would say, "go for that,"
- i'm asking you if you know the difference
- i discovered at a very early age
I could make anything
So either i'm god
And in either case,
- oh, interesting. It's just the average person has
"booyah,"
- duncan, you don't have to play shrink
I accept.
Are you trying to use reverse psychology
No, I'm just using regular psychology
- i'm a professor.
- a six-year-old girl could talk to you that way.
- No, because you're a five-year-old girl
- fine! i'll do it!
- yeah, pleasure.
Bye!
Yes!
Why am i still shouting?
I'm drawing attention
- you guys aren't gonna believe this,
Is here.
- are you
- that means you do my homework,
- i need to call my babysitter
- what board certifies
- where's britta?
But i invited more people
- it's the coolest.
I'm gonna go
And bring my jacket,
wallet,
- should we go with him?
- i'm leaving my homework with
- that's borderline racist,
- and busted.
- uh, listen.
- yeah, but they're filtered,
- you ready to get started?
- yeah, not mine, actually.
And i was trained never
But i think that group
- so why don't you and i
- dinner?
- i think, actually,
And study first
And if they really prove
- oh...they will be...
untutorable.
- all right.
Look at this crew.
All ready to study all night.
- well, i can stay
- but who studies
My name is jeff.
- jeff, it's a pleasure.
My name is pierce hawthorne
That is hawthorne as in hawthorne wipes,
- i was just going to ask.
- i'm also a toast master, so perhaps
- britta.
Is that inappropriate?
- roy. roy the wonder boy.
- little princess elizabeth.
- and finally, this beautiful
- is that even close?
- i'd like to know why i had to find out
- - this is getting way more like breakfast club now.
- okay, um, maybe we should
- you know, i've been a part
because
Shouldn't we address Annie's concern?
- well, annie, sweetie,
- We just didn't think about...
Being younger does
If anything, your age indicates
- shirley has a response to that.
- you should. it looks like you do.
- okay, okay.
I'm sure i've made
And maybe annie's decisions
But i think she needs to decide
Or an adult, because children get pity
But not respect. And adults,
But they also get the back of they head grabbed
- okay.
Why don't we try learning
- what are you doing?
- Let's discuss this creepiness.
Are you unaware that shirley
what advances?
- you have been sexually harassing me
- sexually harassing?
what? That makes no sense to me.
Why would i harass somebody
- saying she turns you on
- hey.
I am a prominent business leader
And i will not take courting advice
well, this teenage boy
- you're not prom king anymore, troy.
- how'd you know
- because you're still wearing
And more importantly, I sat behind you
Wait, you're that girl that got hooked on pills
You're little Annie "Adderall".
Yes, and you are a stupid jock
by dislocating both shoulders
Keg flip.
You don't know--
You know what I got
It was a banner year
I got a carton
The old man grabbed me, he said,
"No, dad!
Well, uh...
That actually was from
Nobody puts baby
Dirty Dancing.
Hello.
Come to the parking lot now.
What's wrong
I'm disguising it.
Uh, I'll be right back.
But while I'm gone, you guys need
No stone unturned.
- Go!
- I can't feel my...
Act as if either you have just finished
Every answer to every test
I knew you could
Whoa there, grabby-grabby.
- What do I get?
Even, fairness, right, wrong.
- Booyah, booyah.
- Your Lexus.
Will it be just
Won't you be taking the easy way out
I want payment in advance.
I want leather seats
You know, bluffs this weak are how
Have a nice disbarment
- What am I supposed to drive?
Yeah, so is wiping your butt with a leaf,
A golf kart!
- It is a disaster in there.
- You like Thai food? I love Thai food.
so... this
You put human beings
for a shot
Why can't you see that
Ok, ok. I'm sorry.
I did a little bit of lying
But how was I suppose to know
I mean, you look like Elisabeth Shue.
- You're unbelievable.
Oh, maybe one decent thing could be
Okay, I am the Barack Obama
Okay, if i do that,
Yeah, fine, whatever.
As if there's a dinner on Earth that could
Oh, you're gonna eat those words
All right, everybody!
I want to say something.
You don't have to yell.
You know what makes humans
Feet.
No, no, no, come on.
We're the only species on Earth
Sharks don't even observe
For the same reason I can pick up this pencil,
and go like this.
And part of you dies just
because people can connect
We can sympathize
We can forgive a shark. And we can give
- Big mistake.
People can find the good
Look at me. It's clear to
but I can never admit that,
But what I can do is see
She's driven.
We need driven people or the lights go out
And Pierce.
This guy has
- The Dalai Lama and I--
We wouldn't regret it.
And Shirley.
Shirley has earned
Not as a wife, not as a mother,
And don't test her on that,
was way too specific
And Troy.
Who cares if Troy
Maybe he is.
You think astronauts go to the moon
They're trying to impress
And Abed.
Abed's a shaman.
You ask him to pass the salt,
because you know what?
Abed is better.
You are all better
You are just designed not to believe it
Soup?
I want you to look
Sorry. Look at the person
Look at her?
- This?
I want you to extend
the same compassion that you extend
I want you to say
"I forgive you."
- I forgive you.
Pierce, I'd like you to say,
He didn't say it?
I forgive you.
You've just stopped being
You have become something...
unstoppable.
I hereby pronounce you...
a community.
Oh, that's nice.
I like that.
This isn't like
Now it's like Stripes or Meatballs.
I agree with Abed that tonight
And now,
I have a dinner engagement
Britta?
I lied.
Thanks for calming
but since you're not a Spanish tutor,
who purposely upset everyone
I'd appreciate it if you left
Everybody ready?
Fine.
And I'm happy to report
that one of the benefits
is having all the answers
And I'm happy to share them with anyone
than they've wasted mine.
Uh, Jeff, if you have all the answers,
I don't have a study group, Pierce.
- What about the "Look Left" speech?
I make things up,
to do it before I came
I was a lawyer.
- Oh, God.
You know, I thought you were like Bill Murray in any of
- Yeah?
Well, you have Asperger's.
What did he say?
"Ass-burger".
- It's a serious disorder.
If it's so serious,
- "Ass-burger".
# #
Jeffrey, before you say anything, you may
- An excuse to punch a hippy?
An important lesson,
the tools you acquired to survive out there
What you have, my friend,
Why are people trying
At a school that has
- Give me the keys.
Don't hit me.
Jeffrey, Jeffrey!
Are we cool?
We're cool.
I like you, Jeffrey.
You remind me of myself
I deserve that.
You know,
I've been divorced
seven times.
Sometimes, I think I'm doing
You keep getting married.
I never looked at it
Shouldn't you guys
Yeah, things got kind
Let me ask you something.
People becloud me for wearing this jacket
If I take it off to make them happy,
That just makes me weak, right?
Listen,
it doesn't matter.
You lose the jacket to please them,
Either way
It's for them.
That's what's weak..
Wow.
You just wrinkled my brain, man.
- He's good, isn't he?
Shouldn't you be rolling around
I don't have any
I'm gonna--
You just, like, study for, like, an hour.
You seem pretty smart.
I am me...
Well, the funny thing
is that you can get through most of life
So, uh...
I'm not really sure
Can you guys hear me?
- Can you hear me talking right now?
That's good.
You know what?
Jeff, actually, we didn't
if you want
Really?
Well, it is your
Come on, let's study.
Sounds good.
No pressure.
I'm sorry I called you Michael Douglas
Well, that's the nicest thing
Transcripted on Addic7ed by honeybunny & VeRdiKT
www.tvsubtitles.net